Ignoring Heraclitus I'm stepping into the same river twice 
and releasing once again a facelift patch for CastleVania.
The rules are the same - the NES version of the game is
updated with KONAMI-authored graphics.
But this time most of the graphics are taken from the third 
generation of CastleVania for mobile phones.

As in the previous patch some of the graphics come from
Vampire Killer for MSX to honor that great game which started 
it all for me 30 years ago in 1988.

This time the patch does not come as a hacked emulator.
Instead it is in a form of an "HDPack" for the excellent Mesen
NES emulator. Many thanks go to its author Sour! Without his
support this pack would've never existed.

Using his emulator allowed me to replace not just the graphics,
but also the music of the game. The tracks are taken from various
sources indicated in respective ogg tags. If you do not like these
exact tracks, you may replace them with your own.

In order to use this patch you have to download the latest 
Mesen emulator (0.9.5 and up) from 

http://www.mesen.ca

Then you should unzip and run it. Mesen will greet you with a 
configuration window. Pay attention what folder will be 
specified there as a "Data Storage Location".

You need to place the contents of this HDPack zip file into the 
[Data Storage Location]\HdPacks\[CastlevaniaRomName]\ folder 
(e.g "HdPacks\Castlevania (USA)\" if you are loading "Castlevania (USA).nes")

Please note that unlike my previous patch which was compatible 
with any CastleVania or Akumajou Dracula ROM (and even with some
custom level hack ROMs) this patch requires exactly the 
Castlevania (USA) ROM (SHA1 a31b8bd5b370a9103343c866f3c2b2998e889341)! 
Even Rev.A won't work.

After extracting the HDPack you should enable HDPacks in Mesen.
Tick the box at Options->Video->Enable HDNes HD Packs.

Now load the ROM into Mesen. If the game retains the original look,
something went wrong. Check the location of the pack.
Check the version of your ROM.

Note that you have to run the pack on a more or less powerful modern PC 
or laptop. Don't try it on your Celeron or Atom.
If you have got a modern quad core CPU, I recommend enabling VSync for a 
silky smooth scrolling (Options->Video->Enable vertical sync).

The official forum thread for this patch is located at:

http://www.romhacking.net/forum/index.php?topic=24125

P.S. 
Please drop me a line on kya199 at yandex.ru, if you ever stuble upon 
a part 2 or 3 of the mobile phone Castlevania generation II:

http://www.vgmuseum.com/mrp/NewCV/screen-cvcphone2.htm